Release vp1 (#255)
jonescompneurolab/hnn-core: README.rst

============

We recommend the `Anaconda Python distribution <https://www.anaconda.com/products/individual>`_.
To install ``hnn-core``, simply do::

   $ pip install hnn_core

> and it will install ``hnn-core`` along with the dependencies which are not already installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which will install ``hnn-core`` along with the dependencies that are not already installed. The most notable of these is NEURON `https://neuron.yale.edu/neuron/ <https://neuron.yale.edu/neuron/>`_.
```

Reviewer: Thought we should mention NEURON on the start page (or is it just "Neuron"?). EDIT: I see we have the link below in a different context... Might be nice to acknowledge here too, though?

Author: I'm hesitant to provide the link because users may go for the traditional install if they open the website and that will cause us unnecessary headaches

Reviewer 2: > 
> 
> Thought we should mention NEURON on the start page (or is it just "Neuron"?). 

I'm a fan of NEURON to avoid confusion with the journal.

Note that if you installed Neuron using the traditional installer package, it is recommended
to remove it first and unset ``PYTHONPATH`` and ``PYTHONHOME`` if they were set. This is

> because the pip installer works better with virtual environments such as Anaconda.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
because the pip installer works better with virtual environments such as provided by `conda`.
```

Reviewer: not sure about my suggestion, your call... In my head, Anaconda is a meta-package managed by conda.

> Instead if you want to install the latest version of the code (nightly) do::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to track the latest developments of ``hnn-core``, you can install the current version of the code (nightly) with::
```

and it should not give any error messages.

**Parallel backends**

For further instructions on installation and usage of parallel backends for using more

> than one core, refer to `parallel_backends`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
than one CPU core, refer to `parallel_backends`_
```

**Note for Windows users**

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend using windows subsystem for linux (WSL).  For use with pure Windows, 
```

Author: do you have a Windows machine to give this a shot?

Reviewer 2: Sure! Stuck in meetings today but I can give it a go later tonight for windows and linux.

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55253912/109564097-99503200-7aae-11eb-82ff-55c4d3f52277.png)

This showed up on the Windows install. You have to navigate to `/hnn_core/mod/` in site-packages in your conda environment and run `nrnivmodl` manually. Are they supposed to compile automatically for all systems? 

Also I'll check out mpi4py for windows, but I suspect it's going to be a power user feature...

Author: nopes, it should work out of the box. That's the whole point of all this pain we're taking :) For linux/mac, it works out of the box for you, right?

so [here](https://github.com/jonescompneurolab/hnn-core/blob/master/setup.py#L60) is where `nrnivmodl` is called during the `setup`. Can you verify if this works? I remember having some trouble printing or adding breakpoints in the setup file, so you might need to do some googling.

Author: did you try with WSL or vanilla Windows? I think if `nrnivmodl` is not found, the setup should exit with an error ... not sure how we can make that happen

Reviewer 2: This is on vanilla Windows 10. I think WSL works fine  but I need to double check. Anyways here's the problem:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55253912/109581876-1c7f8100-7acb-11eb-931f-86fbc840d264.png)

Looks like Anaconda creates different directory structure on windows. We can add an if clause to create two different `mod_path` variables, however `hnn_core.__file__` returns a path with a lowercase 'l' for /lib/, whereas on Windows the path uses an uppercase 'L'.

Is `hnn_core.__file__` semi hardcoded? Or do we need a special workaround to preserve case-sensitive file paths.

Author: weird ... quick googling seems to suggest that windows does not distinguish between upper and lower case. Can you give it a quick shot? If it works, you can make a pull request to my `release_vp1` branch. Otherwise, we might have to postpone Windows support for later

Reviewer 2: Will do. Seems like it should just be a matter of removing the extra `/hnn_core/` from the path, but I'm not gambling on those odds...

Reviewer 2: Ok so it seemed to work when I ran it in an external script. Is it possible to re-upload to test.pypi to see if it goes smoother?

Also here's the actual error that I believe is thrown during the pip install:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55253912/109586252-dfb78800-7ad2-11eb-8649-60881a0a458e.png)

Author: Yep I can upload again to `test.pypi` ... can you send a PR to this branch?

Reviewer 2: Oh sorry I just pushed a commit to the branch, should I revert it?

Author: oh indeed, sorry I had forgotten you could push. It's all good. Uploaded to test.pypi again. Give it a shot

Reviewer 2: Hmmm that didn't seem to cut it. Perhaps there's a lag for test.pypi to update? Not sure how to check that since setup.py is not included in the pip install.

I'll try again in the morning, also I need to read through this but this may explain the issue:
https://docs.python.org/3/install/#how-installation-works

Author: Just download the tar from pypi directly and you should have the setup file there: https://test.pypi.org/project/hnn-core/#files

Author: also if you tell me your test.pypi username I can add you there so you can try uploading yourself

> The pip installer for Neuron does not yet work for Windows. In this case, it is better to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the pip installer for Neuron does not yet work for Windows. In this case, it is better to
```
